Update REST API response type (#322)
zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the Zowe Client Python SDK will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

### Enhancements

> - *Breaking*: Update custom class for REST API responses [#89] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/89)

Reviewer: Should we mention something about method return types here?
```suggestion
- *Breaking*: Update method return types to use custom classes for REST API responses [#89] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/89)
```
